add link to user manual repo (#3)
Gamify-IT/.github: profile/README.md

A lecturer configures the world and minigames.  
They determine what questions the students are asked in a minigame, what hints to give the students (i.e. when a student talks to an NPC), … 

## User Manuals

> For an in depth explanation of each service go to the **[user manuals](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/docs/blob/main/user-manuals/README.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an in depth explanation of each service go to the **[user manuals](https://gamifyit-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-manuals/index.html)**
```
Is probably a better choice.
